Build: Use globalThis over process.env and enable TS lib checking (#61486)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/how-to-guides/feature-flags.md

```js
import { pluginOnlyFeature } from '@wordpress/foo';

if ( globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN ) {
	pluginOnlyFeature();
}
```

## How it works

During the webpack build, instances of `globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` will be replaced using webpack's [define plugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/define-plugin/).

For example, in the following code –

```js
if ( globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN ) {
	pluginOnlyFeature();
}
```

– the variable `globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` will be replaced with the boolean `true` during the plugin-only build:

```js
if ( true ) {
	// Wepack has replaced `globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` with `true`
	pluginOnlyFeature();
}
```

This ensures that code within the body of the `if` statement will always be executed.

In WordPress core, the `globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` variable is replaced with `undefined`. The built code looks like this:

```js
if ( undefined ) {

> 	// Wepack has replaced `globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` with `undefined`

Reviewer: Nit 😀

```suggestion
	// Webpack has replaced `globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` with `undefined`
```

### Dead code elimination

> For production builds, webpack ['minifies'](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minification_(programming)>) the code, removing as much unnecessary JavaScript as it can.

Author: Bad angle brackets in link here.

Author: I _think_ this is actually prettier fixing the URL? At any rate, parens in link URLs in markdown is confusing and it's a good idea to URL encode them.

Moving to https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/61675

## Frequently asked questions

> ### Why shouldn't I assign the result of an expression involving `IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` to a variable, e.g. `const isMyFeatureActive = globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN === 2`?

Reviewer: This needs to be updated, as it no longer fits. The original phrasing was related to the old constant that was a number. Now it's a boolean.

Author: ```suggestion
### Why shouldn't I assign the result of an expression involving `IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN` to a variable, e.g. `const isMyFeatureActive = ! Object.is( undefined, globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN )`?
```

Reviewer: Actually, it probably doesn't matter. I see what this section tries to explain. Do not use it with complex expressions. Now, I'm wondering if tree-shaking would work properly with `const isActive = globalThis.IS_GUTENBERG_PLUGIN; if ( isActive ) { ... }`.
